Author: Eiríkur Fannar Torfason

Title: Battleship

In this exercise, you will program a computer game:
[Battleship!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battleship_(game))
For the sake of simplicity, we will limit ourselves to a single-player mode with one board.

At the start of the game, 5 ships are placed on a grid with 10 x 10 tiles.
The grid's columns are numbered from 1 to 10
whereas the rows are labelled using the letters A to J (see image below).
Individual coordinates are referenced by letter and number, e.g. .D9 or J10.

[https://s3.amazonaws.com/mimirplatform.production/files/ecffa1c5-5fff-45d6-8f46-47fa77da5b4d/battleship-grid.PNG]

The ships are placed either horizontally or vertically on the grid.

The program shall start by asking for the location for each of the five ships.
The carrier is the biggest and occupies 5 tiles.
Next is the battleship with 4 tiles,
then the destroyer and submarine, which both require 3 tiles.
Finally, there's a patrol boat that occupies 2 tiles.
The following example illustrates how a player would enter the location of the ships as depicted above:
    Specify the location of each ship in your fleet by providing the top/left coordinate and orientation.
    Examples: 'A2 vertical' or 'C3 horizontal'
    Location and orientation of your carrier: I5 horizontal
    Location and orientation of your battleship: A10 vertical
    Location and orientation of your destroyer: C7 vertical
    Location and orientation of your submarine: F3 horizontal
    Location and orientation of your patrol boat: D3 vertical

The program shall then proceed to ask the user which coordinates to attack.
If there's no ship at the specified coordinates then the program shall print "Miss".

If there is a ship at the specified coordinates then the program shall either print:
- "Hit, {ship type}" or
- "You have sunk my {ship type}"

depending on whether all of the ship's tiles have been attacked.

Example:
    Where to attack: D3
    Hit, patrol boat 
    Where to attack: D4
    Miss
    Where to attack: E3
    You have sunk my patrol boat

When all of the ships have been sunk, then the program prints "The entire fleet has been sunk" and exits.
