In this Assignment, you're meant to continue developing a program to calculate your final grades from this course,
thus finishing what we started in Assignment 14+.

The program consumes a .csv file like one that instructors can export from the gradebook on a site like Mímir or Coding Rooms.
It contains a sequence of lines, each of which consists of comma separated values.
Each line has the same number of fields, so the contents of the file can be thought of as a table, with columns and rows.

The first line of the file contains headers for each column.
There we hit our first problem, because the semester is not over yet.
Therefore, if we export the file now, it does not include columns for any coursework that has not been assigned yet (including the final exam).
This means that the number of columns changes with time,
and at this time it is still unknown in which order the remaining coursework will be added to the file,
or how many there will be of each type when all is said and done.
So, the program needs to dynamically map out which column is associated with which information.

You solved this first part before (in Assignment 14+:),
but here, we make a little adjustment to the format of the gradebook,
so rather than building on your solution from Assignment 14+,
we recommend you use the starter code provided in the template below.
Refer to the description of the first part for further information on its functionality.

An explanation of the above mentioned adjustment is in order:
Last year the arrangement of the quizzes was a little different from this year,
in that we had two quizzes in each class,
one that students answered individually,
and then the same quiz again, but this time the students formed groups and discussed the quiz questions before answering.
The total grade for the quizzes, for a given student,
was then split equally between that student's average grade from the individual quizzes,
and the average grade from the group quizzes.
This year we decided to do without the group quizzes, to leave more time for students to work on the assignments in class,
so the quiz grade will just be calculated from the individual quizzes.

Unfortunately, the author of this assignment has not found the time to update the assignment to remove this extra complication
(with the associated changes of the input files, test cases, model solution, template and instructions),
so we will stick with the version from last year.
